[Music]
what's going on everybody it's the man
of the hour
qjv aka Cleveland I got this NBA 2k13 my
career flash featuring the piece from
the east
mist acquired of cleveland color based
on the block
cleveland swag allure real deal Neal
still purchase so we're at home taking
on the Utah Jazz let's get it started
right out the gate I'm coming down to
the paint with the easy layup they gotta
play better defense in that I got it
once again seeing what I can do getting
it over to my man Pargo he's shooting
that one up and I get my first assist of
the game right there you know we're
gonna start off fast we're gonna start
off scoring over to JP once again and he
gets another one in the pain doing his
thing so far he's been pretty good it's
been a good filler for Kyrie Irving now
look at me three-point line throwing it
up get Trayvon foul of course I'm gonna
get those threes poppin early and often
you know me I checked me out here I'm
trying to get around my man I see Blake
calling for it so i'ma get it over to
him and he's gonna slam it down in the
pan
they can't stop and Millsap didn't know
what hit him now I'm coming down behind
the back over to Zeller oh the yellow
and Zeller gets a bucket in the paint
here we go we're starting off fast check
me out pump faking getting around my man
spinning over to Zeller again and he
gets the bucket and the foul
mister and one going to the line for one
more in his up and he gets it anyone who
gets an one I call him mr. an one just
so you know now look at me faking them
out getting that bucket down and to
paint with the up and under now I'm
coming down once again seeing what I
could do just passing it over to Samuel
showing them his strength but I get the
rebound going up showing on my strength
and I get it down
check us out I'm coming down once again
passing it over to Varejao a ka-bar a ho
and he gets that one to go Utah can't do
nothing em we're gonna mess with him you
know we're gonna get that steal out on
the break here I'm spinning passing it
over to boo and Daniel Gibson gets that
to go 11 5 and 7 you can't tell me
nothin behind the back look at his
dribble moves over the Tyler again and
he's showing him his own moves in the
paint spinning and getting that basket
we're doing our thing here check him out
of here he hit me with the pump fake but
get that dad out of here he gets it
blocked
I get the rebound throwing it up to my
man miles and I'm cutting going up with
that alley you X + X X plus square y'all
know had a call from him alley oops
check them out missing it there I'm way
down court calling for it beautiful
bounce pass to Zeller and he goes in
with that layup I checked me out here I
have it once again look at those dribble
moves you can't tell me nothing I'm
passing it over to Daniel boobie Gibson
again and I get another I don't play
right there
check me out dribble moves four days
coming down with the easy layup and this
is before I applied those attributes or
all that B seats and Newell bridges so
I'm still fresh and look at him
Blake Griffin should have dumped that
but instead he took the jump shot now
look at me pump faking on a three-point
line I probably should have shot it but
anyway
coming down to the pain bagging them up
whoop hit them with the up and under
fake and I get the bucket to go there
are a quarter action right here trying
to get around my man over to Blake
Griffin he's shooting that MIDI and man
has he been making that shot more than
more than enough or actually too much or
actually that's a good thing right as I
come down and make the layup but yeah
Blake Griffin has been making that
mid-range shot like it's nothing now I'm
backing them up hitting them with the
fake and another up and under basket for
me we're getting it in here check me out
I'm giving it over to par go beautiful
movement by us
I get the offensive rebound going back
up strong and getting that layup over
the Utah Jazz 23 7 and 12 you know I'm
trying to get this trip dub cuz that's
what I do over the Cassady he's shooting
it up nothing but net
check him out with that one I'm coming
down once again into the third quarter
going straight up with the dunk and the
foul your boy getting the two-handed
dunk and I'm going to the line for one
more right before the third quarter was
over so here we are 4th quarter action
whoa he's shooting the air ball I got
the ball bringing it down let me see
what I'm gonna do here spinning going
out with a dog the spin dunk beautiful
move by Neal bridges Raja Bell didn't
know what to do on that play someone
help you boy out check it out we're
getting the crowd into it now I'm coming
down there playing that bull court deep
amber
[Applause]
people tell Jefferson not to stand into
pain anymore and I look at Mo Williams
what's he doing we're getting another
steal out on the fast break and Dr Dee
I'm gonna pass it down to Blake Griffin
and Blake goes up and gets the n1 dunk
no way I could have interrupted that
plow let him go ahead and take that one
all the way so two minutes to go in the
fourth I'm crossing him up over to
Varejao he misses that but I'm right
there was to clean up getting it over to
Blake he takes a couple steps in and it
gets another mid-range jumper he's doing
his thing for sure bounce pass to par go
look at his ball movement over to me
getting it back to Fargo and I get
another assist right there now coming
down to the end of the fourth quarter
you know I'm gonna mess with him look
you know I gotta troll them a little bit
dribbling around I'm gonna try to take
this jump shot right here fading away I
don't get it but it don't matter you
want to know what we're gonna walk out
of here with a die-cast alone and
there's always folks
my pleasure sugar shots and we never
miss it seven best rich guys swear way
up by double digits up and one the right
how when I got to spin so once again you
have been named as the Rookie of the
Month if star seems to be rising rapidly
at this point in your career what is
your future hold if I'm able to keep my
current level of focus dedication and
hard work I think my future will hold
whatever I want from it really in my
short-term future I'd like to have a
ring on this year finger if you know
what I mean